Welcome to this module, our application clearly is taking shape
but right now we're not doing anything with that user input,
we don't even care if the user enters something on the authentication screen,
leave alone that we would validate it or do anything about that.
So that's what we'll do in this module,
to be precise, we'll have a look at how we can dynamically render text inputs and forms in react native
apps,
we'll then have a look at how we can handle the user input which means how we can get it, use it, validate it,
all these things and also make sure that we only proceed if it's valid and we'll also have a look at
the soft keyboard and how we can handle that correctly so that it disappears
when we want it to disappear and so on. Let's have a look at all these features in this module.